[docs] Improve the description of the Accordion (#30253)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/accordion/accordion.md

# Accordion

> <p class="description">Accordions hide and reveal secondary in-page content inside an interactive container.</p>

Reviewer: The current wording is from https://material.io/archive/guidelines/components/expansion-panels.html. I agree that it's confusing. 

A possible alternative wordin:

```suggestion
<p class="description">The accordion component lets users show and hide vertically sections of related content on a page.</p>
```

Reviewer 2: Riffing off @oliviertassinari's version:

```suggestion
<p class="description">The accordion component allows the user to show and hide sections of related content on a page.</p>
```
